from a zero target trader in 30 days.
Yesterday, [music] our ALGO had the
first trade. Tonight, at 3:00 a.m., it
opened the second one, which closed
automatically after 52 bars for a profit
of $232.
The three things I want you to think
about. First, if we didn't automate our
execution, we would have missed our
entry. And that's one of the biggest
advantages of automated trading. Second,
any of you could have developed this
strategy. [music] It is simple and we
have full control of what's going on.
Third, we are only trading with one
microcontract, the smallest risk [music]
possible. But if you were willing to put
a risk your evaluation account, which
you need to be if you want to pass
quickly with only one mini contract, by
now you would have been plus $1,320
in only 2 days, [music] staying within
the risk limits, but most importantly
without emotional trading and being 100%
aware of what's going [music] on. If you
want to learn properly all of these, you
have the chance until January 31st.
Don't miss it.